
# Jacky Eichenberger

This Project was meant do be the Vue Frontend for a school project webdevelopment 2. While it is still intended to be, i ran into too much problems en workarounds for it to be completed in the timeframe right now.
Functionalities that are working right now:

- Hosted on heroku connected to a 'working' API / Laravel Project - Board-Games-Api (Github) / (board-games-api-school-7a1eeb2c4b6f.herokuapp.com/api/boardgames)
- Connected to a PostGre database from Heroku
- Capable of showing a list of Boardgames said Database.

The goal is to keep building in this project in the next period but i might build the API from scratch again because the generated Laravel packages are hard to decipher for now.

For the grader that is reading this:

Incomplete project but submitted anyway to keep a record of my progress.

Personal note: I have learned a lot in this project A lot of errors and problems. The main problem is api.php which is autogenerated doesn't work and web.php wants CRFG token validation while i want to work with JWT. After a lot of stackoverflow, chatgpt, headaches and misery i just ran out of time.

# board-games

This template should help get you started developing with Vue 3 in Vite.

## Recommended IDE Setup

[VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) (and disable Vetur).

## Type Support for `.vue` Imports in TS

TypeScript cannot handle type information for `.vue` imports by default, so we replace the `tsc` CLI with `vue-tsc` for type checking. In editors, we need [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) to make the TypeScript language service aware of `.vue` types.

## Customize configuration

See [Vite Configuration Reference](https://vitejs.dev/config/).

## Project Setup

```sh
npm install
```

### Compile and Hot-Reload for Development

```sh
npm run dev
```

### Type-Check, Compile and Minify for Production

```sh
npm run build
```
